[Autogenerated] All right,
let's go ahead and begin diving into our auto scaling group sections.
Now the first thing I want to show you is how we can automate
installation of certain software on our E.
C two instances using something called the Cloud innit?
That lives on R E.
C.
Two instances.
So if I go to launch instance here and I scroll to the bottom of config,
instance details,
I'll leave the top part the defaults we see here at the
bottom that we have a user data section.
Now this user data section is what allows us to pass in a script,
either as text or as a file and executed on R E.
C two instances locally as they're being created.
So let's go ahead and demo that right now let me go in
Copy and paste a script in here,
and all this is doing is it's installing Apache Web
server Maria de B and some PHP packages,
and at the top of it,
you'll notice that it's executing shebang slash been slash
bash like a normal shell script does.
So these air just execution commands that we want to run
now let me skip their storage and tags and then all select
an existing security group.
I'll launch it.
And then as this becomes available,
I'll go ahead and sshh into it and will view this installation process.
So what I'm going to do here is I'll pause the clip and then all
resume when I'm able to S S h into the instance,
and we can continue.
All right, so I'm s s a ____ in now.
And you can see that here and what I want to do is I want to run a tale of
our cloud innit file so we can view what's going on.
You'll see we're running some yum commands.
It's cleaning up currently.
And as this proceeds,
we should start seeing some of those packages that we specified being installed.
You see the Amazon Lennox extras repo,
and now we're installing PHP and then Maria database.
So this is automating our installation for our Web
server and at the bottom there,
you can see that it created our sim link in The service has started.
So if I go back to the console and I navigate to this public i p,
we have our web server, but let's check our P H.
P Info page that we created in our script and voila!
There you go.
We've installed PHP and enable it on our Web server all via
an automated script past Envy a user data.
Now let me show you one other way that we can do this.
Now I'll go ahead and launch an instance similar to this.
But under configure instance, I'm going to make some changes at the bottom here.
I'm going to get rid of this entire script and I'll paste in a new one.
Now, what this is doing is copying a script from an s three bucket,
pulling it locally and then executing it.
Now, this script is the exact same thing that we just ran.
But now it's stored in a central location that any instance
can grab if it has the correct permissions.
And speaking of permissions, since we're interacting with s three,
I need to change my role.
So if I go upto I am role and select my s three access role,
all review and launch it and what I'll do here is once this is up and running,
I'll go ahead and connect to it.
The SS H and will do the same thing or view that output look.
So I'll pause here and then pick up when I can connect.
Okay,
I'm connected here and you can see my easy to and let me go ahead and
tail that same output file so we can follow along.
You can see here are download command.
That was just there, and it's running the same script.
So it's executing and installing those different
packages to stand up a Web server.
Now I'll go ahead and pause the clip and then pick up when it's done,
and we'll make sure that everything worked correctly.
Okay, so we see the same message.
And now if I go back to my console and I go ahead and navigate to this,
I p this time we get the same screen.
Let's make sure PHP installed as well.
And there we go again.
We have our other instance with its own Web server,
stood up, and we use the same exact script just in a different method.
So that's how you can use user data within a W S on our E C.
Two instances toe automate installation procedures on our instances now.
I started with this because in the upcoming clips,
we're going to look at leveraging this user data to automate Cem
installation procedures in an auto scaling group.
So let's go ahead and wrap up here, and in the next clip,
I'll start diving into the different components that make up auto scaling groups.